Specify commonly-used and default colors and shapes (#268)
FredHutch/VISCtemplates: inst/templates/visc_report/skeleton/skeleton.Rmd

        panel.grid.minor = element_blank())
theme_set(visc_theme)

# source group_colors and response_shapes for use in figures
source(rprojroot::find_rstudio_root_file("R", "colors-and-shapes.R"), local = TRUE)

> # Set these colors and shapes to be the ggplot defaults when using scale_xxx_discrete()
> assign("scale_color_discrete", function(..., values = group_colors) scale_color_manual(..., values = values), globalenv())
> assign("scale_fill_discrete", function(..., values = group_colors) scale_fill_manual(..., values = values), globalenv())
> assign("scale_shape_discrete", function(..., values = response_shapes) scale_shape_manual(..., values = values), globalenv())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set these colors and shapes to be the defaults when using scale_xxx_yyy()
scale_color_visc = function(..., values = group_colors) scale_color_manual(..., values = values)
scale_fill_visc = function(..., values = group_colors) scale_fill_manual(..., values = values)
scale_shape_visc = function(..., values = response_shapes) scale_shape_manual(..., values = values)
```

```{r example-plot, fig.scap="Shorter caption for List of Figures.", fig.cap= "Longer caption that shows under the figure. Explain everything needed to understand the figure here."}

plt_data <- ICS_adata %>%
  mutate(
    Group = factor(Group),
    group_color = case_when(response == 0 ~ 'No Response',
                            response == 1 ~ paste("Group", Group)),
    response_shape = case_when(response == 0 ~ 'No Response',
                               response == 1 ~ 'Positive Response')
  )

plt_data %>%
  ggplot(aes(x = Group,
             y = pmax(PercentCellNet, 0.005),
             shape = response_shape,
             color = group_color)) +
  geom_point(position = position_jitter(width = .25, height = 0, seed = 3241),
             size = 1) +

>   scale_color_discrete() +
>   scale_shape_discrete() +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  scale_color_visc() +
  scale_shape_visc() +
```
